# CX Knowledgebase : Channel Categories (Media Routing Domains)

Is a collection of precision queues associated with a common media class. It organizes requests from each communication medium, such as voice and chat, and manages agent states in each channel category (MRD). This allows agents to manage their states separately on each channel category.

The agent can choose to be available on each MRD independently. For instance, making itself READY for the Chat MRD and NOT_READY for voice MRD. Agent states in each MRD are independent of the other MRDs

All agents are associated with all MRDs configured in the Unified-admin.

  
**Example:**  
We have a Chat channel category (MRD) to handle all chat-type media like WhatsApp, Facebook messages, etc. 

We have two channel types in this example case, WHATSAPP and FACEBOOK configured in the system. Now, both of these channel types have the Chat MRD associated with them, and these channel types are grouped under a single media domain which is Chat.

Furthermore, suppose we have two queues. 

One handles the chat requests and the other handles the voice requests. The queue, handling the chat requests will have the Chat MRD associated with it, and requests coming from both WhatsApp and Facebook channels will be routed to this queue. This is just one example of how we can use the MRDs to group media types at the channel level and queue level. This configuration is flexible and up to the user to decide.

The queue handling the voice requests will have the Voice MRD associated with it, and requests coming from any voice channel will be routed to this queue.

See [Media Channels](Channel-Related-Objects_276594689.html) to learn more about **Channels, Channel Types, Channel Connectors,** and **Channel Sessions**.

Channel Categories (MRDs) are configured (Create, Retrieve, Update, Delete) in the Unified-admin. Their association with the channel type and routing queue is also configured in the unified admin. A Channel Categor (MRD entity) consists of the following fields:

**Field**| **Description**  
---|---  
**Id**|  A unique identifier (assigned automatically by the Routing Engine configurations backend)  
**Name**|  Name of the channel category (Media Routing Domain)  
**Description**|  Short description of the channel category(MRD)  
**Max Task Request**|  This is the maximum number of tasks that the channel category (MRD) can receive. By default, each agent's maximum task value is the same as the value of MRD's max task request.  
**Interruptible**|  Boolean field. Tells whether a conversion of a specific media domain can be interrupted at the agent's end by a higher priority conversation. For instance, a chat conversation on WhatsApp can be interrupted by a voice call. On the contrary, an ongoing voice call cannot be interrupted by a chat request. This feature is **not** implemented yet in the routing engine and hence this field is not being used yet.  
  
  

