# CX Knowledgebase : Agent & MRD States

Following are the different Agent States and their description:

**State Name**| **Description**  
---|---  
LOGIN| The agent state is set to **LOGIN** when they log in to the agent desk.  
NOT_READY| Indicates that the agent is unavailable to handle any requests. In this state, all associated MRDs are also set to **NOT_READY** or **PENDING_NOT_READY**.

  * Agents cannot switch their MRD state to **READY** if their main state is **NOT_READY**.

  
READY| The agent is available to handle requests and can change the MRD state to READY. To accept requests, the agent must also change their MRD state to **READY**.  
LOGOUT| The agent state is set to **LOGOUT** when they log out from the agent desk.  
  
Following are the different MRD states and their description:

**State Name**| **Description**  
---|---  
LOGIN| When an agent logs in, all associated MRDs are initially set to **LOGIN** for a brief period before transitioning to **NOT_READY**.  
NOT_READY| Indicates that the agent is inactive on this MRD and cannot accept any requests on this channel.  
READY| Indicates that the agent is available and ready to accept new requests on this MRD.  
RESERVED| When an Agent is reserved for a request, its MRD is changed to RESERVED state for that duration.  
ACTIVE| The agent is currently handling requests on this MRD, but the total number of active requests is still below the maximum allowed limit.  
BUSY| The agent is handling the maximum allowed number of requests on this MRD and cannot take on additional requests.  
PENDING_NOT_READY| This state occurs when the agent attempts to switch the MRD to **NOT_READY** while still handling active requests (**ACTIVE** or **BUSY**).

  * The MRD will automatically transition to **NOT_READY** once all ongoing requests are completed.
  * Unlike other cases where the MRD transitions to **READY** from **ACTIVE** , in this scenario, it moves directly to **NOT_READY** after completing the requests.

  
INTERRUPTED| Agent can not accept any chat on an MRD that is in INTERRUPTED state. For more details about how and when an MRD is switched to this state, please refer to [this](https://expertflow-docs.atlassian.net/wiki/x/KQAtIQ?atlOrigin=eyJpIjoiMjIxZDliMzkzMWQ5NDkwMWJkY2MzNTNmMTBlNWFiNmQiLCJwIjoiYyJ9) document.  
LOGOUT| When an agent logs out from agent desk all of the MRDs are also set to LOGOUT state.
