# CX Knowledgebase : Routing

Provides a unified media-blending queue for contact centers to allow the business to route voice and non-voice media to human agents/experts in a contact center.

As the system receives a request to route a conversation to a human agent, the Routing Engine looks for an available agent to serve the request. It searches the `Routing-Queue` (provided in the request) for available agents based on the Agents' current `state` and the `Routing modes. `

Each Routing-Queue has a group of agents associated with it concerning one or multiple `Criteria `which are compared to the Agents' `Routing Attributes `to make the association. The request can only be routed to available agents from the group of associated agents in a queue.

## Routing Modes

Routing mode determines if a request should be pushed to an agent or published to a Subscription List.

There are two modes of routing in CX

  * Precision/PUSH Mode 

  * PULL Mode




Let’s have a look into the details of how each one works

**Routing Logic**| **Description**  
---|---  
[**Precision Routing**](Precision-Routing_2525641.html)|  Enables the business to make a routing decision of assigning requests to the most suitable agent, based on the agent selection criteria defined under the [queue configurations. ](https://expertflow-docs.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CX/pages/2524407/Unified+Admin+Guide#Step-6%3A-Create-a-Queue)  
[**Routing Attributes**](Routing-Attribute_2550492.html)|  Serves as a Skill assigned to an Agent or a Supervisor. An agent can be assigned an unlimited number of unique Routing-attributes.  
[**Queues**](Queues_2550494.html)|   
[**Channel Categories**](2532738.html)|  Is a collection of precision queues associated with a common media class. It organizes requests from each communication medium, such as voice and chat, and manages agent states in each channel category (MRD). This allows agents to manage their states separately on each channel category.  
[**Interruptible and Non-Interruptible MRDs**](Interruptible-and-Non-Interruptible-Medias_556597289.html)|  This configuration enables the system to mark media as either interruptible or non-interruptible.An interruptible media can be interrupted if the agent receives a request on a non-interruptible media. In contrast, a non-interruptible media cannot be interrupted, regardless of any requests received on other media.  
[**Agent-Queue Mapping**](Agent-Queue-Mapping_2525979.html)|  Each Routing-Queue has a group of agents associated with it concerning one or multiple **Criteria** also known as [Steps](https://expertflow-docs.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CX/pages/2550494/Queues#Steps). These Steps are compared to the Agents' [Routing Attributes ](https://expertflow-docs.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SBT/pages/2550492/Routing+Attribute)to make the association. The request can only be routed to available agents from the group of associated agents in a queue.  
[**Maximum Task per Agent per Channel Category**](Maximum-Tasks-per-Agent-per-MRD_248348760.html)|  Addresses with the capability of the system to manage maximum number of tasks, an agent can handle on each Channel Category (MRD)  
[**Agent SLA**](Agent-Response-Time_142540854.html)|  Indicates the time limit in seconds that the agent must respond to a customer’s message received in a certain Queue or List.  
[**Customer Inactivity SLA**](Customer-Inactivity-SLA_246743058.html)|  Indicates the time limit in seconds that the customer has responded to the agent within the specified duration.   
[**Task Priority**](Task-Priority_248119331.html)|  Priority is an attribute assigned to any task to route that task to an agent in an expedited manner. By default, all tasks in the system have a priority of 1 and are served on a FIFO (First In, First Out) basis.  
[**Agent Task/Routing Task**](2550490.html)|  Refers to the task created and assigned to the agent by the system.   
[**Queue Wait Time and Position**](Queue-Wait-Time-And-Position_2530342.html)|  This feature allows the customer to see wait time and the position in the queue.   
[**Queue Flushing API**](Queue-Flushing-API_2526125.html)|  Acts as an API to clear all queues or a specific queue.   
[**Task and Task States**](Task-and-Task-States_296648753.html)|  The Routing Engine creates a new task for a human agent for each new request routed to an agent. When the agent closes the request, the task state is also closed.  
[**Distribution Rules**](Distribution-Rules_247988291.html)|  Addresses with distribution rules of routing such as queues to agent mapping, multi-steps per queue, agent reservation, priority routing, queue priority (In progress)  
[**PULL Mode Routing**](https://expertflow-docs.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SBT/pages/2529097/Pull-Mode+Routing)|  Enables small-scale businesses to broadcast customer requests to a List. Agents can pull requests from the List whenever they are convenient to join the conversation.
